Update Kwaizeer.md (#2243)
iris-hep/iris-hep.github.io: pages/fellows/2023/Kwaizer.md

permalink: /fellows/Kwaizer.html
fellow-name: Lev Pambuk
title: Lev Pambuk - IRIS-HEP Fellow
active: True
dates:
  - start: 2023-06-19
    end: 2023-09-10
  - start: 2024-06-03
    end: 2024-08-23
photo: /assets/images/team/fellows-2023/Lev-Pambuk.jpg
institution: Odesa National University of Technology
e-mail: levpambuk@gmail.com
focus-area: doma
projects:
- project_title: Software development for the Rucio Scientific Data Management system
  project_goal: >
    With this summer fellow project we aim to bring critical developments to the common parts of Rucio, shared by many communities and experiments.
  mentors:
    - Martin Barisits (CERN EP)
    - Mario Lassnig (CERN EP)
  proposal: /assets/pdf/fellows-2023/U049-proposal-Lev-Pambuk.pdf
- project_title: Packaging the HEP simulation stack on conda-forge
  project_goal: >

>     After packaging of needed components will be finished it will allow them to have the ability to not only be installed as individual tools, but also be installed together in a coherent package environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To package components of the HEP simulation software stack on conda-forge in an interoperable manner, making them easier to quickly and correctly install in a software environment, and use together.
```
